Add editorial workflow description (#9)
thegooddocsproject/chronologue: README.md

-   [Directly in Github](#Github): Easy method if you just want to update text.
-   [Using Gitpod](#Gitpod): Recommended if you can use VS code and want to edit more comfortably.

### Before you contribute: Docs workflow

This repository has at least 2 branches at all times: `main` and `docs`. 
The Chronologue website is created and maintained on the `main` branch. 

<img width="763" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172500916-bad816c6-05f9-416b-84a5-4bbe54da3e85.png">

> The documentation for Chronologue is created and maintained on the `docs` branch. Since merging the `docs` branch into the `main` branch would delete the whole Chronologue website, we use branch protection rules which are visible to administrators in the repo settings. Because of these branch protection rules, you can't directly commit onto the `docs` branch. The general authoring workflow looks like this: 

Reviewer: I'd suggest protecting `main` as well.

2. Use _Create a branch_ to create a new branch that is linked to the issue. <br/>
   <img width="252" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172503283-338f72a5-29c4-4131-b159-040a35c5cffe.png">
3. Change the branch source to `docs` and name the branch how you prefer. The default is the number and name of the issue.<br/>
   <img width="500" alt="branch" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172506197-58ffe5c5-d356-444b-aa6d-a9629897350e.png">
   > ℹ️ After you click _Create branch_, a new window pops up with information that you can use in your local development setup. Since you want to work on the website, just dismiss this window. 
4. Click on the branch to switch to you working branch. <br/>
   <img width="332" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172505635-c3197f8c-eef2-42a5-9297-766e34e85b81.png">

#### To edit a file in Github: 

1. In your working branch, locate the file you want to edit. 
2. Verify that you are in your working branch. <br/>
   <img width="600" alt="branch-overview" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172507864-b76f3163-f084-48cc-831e-233779c76934.png">

> 3. Hit the _Edit this file_ button.<br/>

Reviewer: We use the Google Developer's Style Guide, which advocates for "click" rather than "hit" here. https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-h

   <img width="429" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172506536-94669369-a5a3-4b2a-9aa5-66eeeebf2442.png">
4. Edit the file using standard Markdown syntax. To see a preview, switch to the _Preview_ tab. <br/>
   <img width="291" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172506797-4cb454e4-8c4c-4db9-85fc-7ebe9568c0c9.png">

> 5. Supplement a meaningful commit message. Remember: We are open source and your changes are visible to the public. You can commit directly on your working branch.<br/>

Reviewer: I'd recommend using "provide" or "add" rather than "supplement" for clarity.

> 5. Supplement a meaningful commit message. Remember: We are open source and your changes are visible to the public. You can commit directly on your working branch.<br/>

Author: ```suggestion
5. Add a meaningful commit message. Remember: We are open source and your changes are visible to the public. You can commit directly to your working branch.<br/>
```

   <img width="738" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172507525-a51253e3-0bc1-41c3-9c57-1ae196af92b0.png">
   > ✔️ Congrats, you just created a **commit**.

#### Creating a new pull request (PR): 
1. Navigate to the tree view of your working branch. The URL should look like this: 
   ```
   https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/chronologue/tree/your-branch-name
   ```
2. Click on _Contribute_ and use the _Compare_ option. <br/> 
   <img width="726" alt="Go to file" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13576110/172509325-698203d3-76e9-4065-a481-df432ae01113.png">
3. Because we want to merge our changes in the `docs` branch, make sure that your changes are compared `docs` and **not** `main`. <br/>

>    Click on _Create pull request_. 

Reviewer: Google Developer's Style Guide also recommends simply using "click" and not "click on." https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-c

>    Click on _Create pull request_. 

Author: ```suggestion
   Click _Create pull request_. 
```
